Features description old


-
invasion
=======
 
If lethal weapons are enabled then they are actual enemies, not staff (so you can kill, capture whatever).

I think walker gears always have their guns enabled, but that may only happen with manually set up wargames. Walker gears are disabled for events with staff (dd training, zombie dd).

The game doesn't link any of the base equipment (AA guns/walker gears) to actual resources, so you can destroy them as you wish they wont reduce the number 'you have' shown in the iDroid screen.

Though I think AAs may have a replenish time where it may take a couple of return visits before they respawn.﻿

Features:
=================
Fulton profile: Heaven,
The extraction game mechanic in MGSV could do with an entire article, but the gist of the reasoning behind the settings I chose for the "Heaven" profile mostly revolve around soldier extraction. To promote the manual extraction actions (heli extraction, mission hot zone auto-fulton) which have a cost of player time, for a reward of a guaranteed success (providing you don't let the enemy kill them at the last second lol). Vs the quicker but possibly more dangerous fulton actions.
Injured enemies already promote manual extraction from their success penalty.
Sleeping or fainting enemies have no penalty in the default game, since they also make no noise above the fulton this pushes the player to use this option far too much. Heaven adds a success penalty to this state to push player to other options.
Fultoning a held up soldier is already more risky due to their increased noise when they are fultoned, the default games success penalty on this pushes players away from this, the reduction of the penalty for this profile, combined with the sleeping penalty make it more viable.


Extraction is a big part of the game, soldier extraction has the most actions associated with it.
Even before we get to fulton extraction there's a number of manual extraction options:
Heli extraction, manually transporting the target to the heli.
Mission auto-extraction - for many missions and quests transporting the target out of the hot zone will autofulton them with 100% success.

The profiles settings:

Turned off both mother base bonuses and manually balanced around mid range of mb rank table, this is so the settings will remain impactful (and because I don't want to try and balance over a wide range of values at the moment lol)
"Target dying penalty" - mid range but a big impact, evens out to 40% fail.
"Target sleeping penalty" - Increased from 0 to 20% fail, the main reason I started this feature. In the base game, ignoring the success rate, fultoning a sleeping/fainted enemy is the safest option, so the player will do it straight away most times.

Target holdup penalty - reduced to 5.
In the game having a held-up/awake target is already dangerous, they are noisy when being fultoned, having a success penalty on top of this promotes the easy/safer option of sleeping target too much.
Holdup is however the fallback value so I'm giving it at least some value to keep some impact and push the player to manual extraction if they want a guaranteed success.

Enemy Preparedness:
----------------


Max - the same 'revenge system' max as the extreme missions. Most soldiers have gear equipped, such as helmets, body armor, NVG, many heavy weapons deployed.



Custom enemy prep config. Sidesteps the enemy prep levels and gives more control over enemy prep loadout, chooses randomly between min/max of each setting:
Weapon deployment percentages -
Armor deployment percentages - Armor, soft armor (body vest), shield.
Headgear deployment percentages - helmet, gas mask, NVG.
CP deterrent percentages - mines, decoys, cameras.
Soldier ability/counter levels.


Weapon strength menus. 'Strong weapons' are different variant/model of weapon for that chosen type.

DD Equip:
-------------
DD equip options reworked and extended to enemy soldiers via DD Equip menu (via enemy prep menu or mother base menu)
The DD equipment table is decided by a random grade between DD Equip Grade Min/Max, and by default is limited to the equipment you have developed with Allow undeveloped DD equipment choosing from the full range of (security equipable) equipment.
Note: Equip grade 3 is the minimum grade that has all types of weapons.

Known issue: Some weapons will not give the proper name when picked up and have a blank icon, some weapons scopes will be blacked out.

Patrols menu:
------------------
Enemy patrols option: Foot patrols in free roam - adds ~13 foot patrols between CPs, since the start-end bases are chosen randomly they may be difficult to find or you may be surprised by them in the wilderness between rather than following roads.

Heli patrols in free roam - "None","Min","Mid",Max","Enemy prep" - number of helis.
Up to seven attack helis will patrol free roam.
Attack heli type: Default, Black, Red, Enemy prep
"Enemy prep" setting will try and scale those options to your current enemy preparedness level.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JwGPLrE5NB0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MqAz2B0OoFs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cK2YFtK4IR0

Know issues: 
Heli state is not saved and will reset on checkpoint reload, so helis may vanish (to another place on the map).
This may be mitigated in future versions, but not fully fixed since KJP optimized a bit too far so can only save/load one heli.
Heli in side ops may travel from one sideop to the next (if first sideop is loaded and second is also heli sideop), have yet to test to see if it does switch the sideop it counts towards on death.
Heli sideop loading may be delayed until very near resulting in sudden pop in of sideop vehicles/soldiers.
Heli patrol known bug: support heli cannot target helis when there's multiple helis in the world. This won't be fixable as the AI is in the game engine/untouchable.




Side ops:
-----------------
Unlock random Sideops for areas - The normal games sideops system breaks the map into areas, with only one sideop allowed to be active at a time. In the retail game it's chosen in a first found manner. Uncompleted story missions and uncompleted sideops get priority of selection over replayable sideops.
This setting changes it to a random selection of potential sideops, with the same priorities. Force replay adds completed sideops to the potential selection. Force Open adds most sideops to the selection pool.
